# Political-Motivation-behind-French-EV-Promotion

In 2013, Bradley W. Lane and others identified two motivations for why governments seek to promote the electric car: risk management in response to ecological or energy concern versus industrial policy seeking an economic upgrade. In this framework, jurisdictions suite of policies falls in one of three categories: primary risk management, primary industrial policy, or a substantial blend of the two. By reading government documents, Lane concluded that France was an intermediate case with a substantial blend of industrial policy and risk management.

Lane’s framework of analysis provided useful guidelines, but it has been seven years and two government changes since their research. It is time to apply the theory on more recent policy texts to update our understanding of the intention of this French government on the French EV industry. Instead of repeating the conventional way of generating policy positions, this team project wishes to draw inspiration from computer sciences and explore a more efficient way of collecting and classifying text. By doing so, not only can we collect and process considerably sized corpus with fewer costs but also replace the intuitive understanding of the text to something more measurable, putting subjectivity in a more objective criterion. 

Therefore, this team project firstly wishes\textbf {to design a more efficient way of collecting text data from the open web by using Python web scrapping technique. Then we will classify the scrapped text depending on their topic relevance with the Python language}. 

The value of this exercise extends beyond the very topic of this research. From a personal perspective, it is a revision of some traditional methods acquired last semester using the R language. While reviewing the knowledge from last year, this project will adapt learned models with a new language Python. Secondly, due to the limited data size that this project planned to collect, we will not be able to use much deep learning technique and will turn to rule-based systems. While usually, machine learning gives better results with much less effort involved when we have a considerable corpus size, it does not phase out the value of rule-based systems, especially when we try to simulate experts’ reading of a much smaller sized text in specific domains without an already trained model. This much less sophisticated natural language processing poses an alternative to the more advanced algorithm which will be explored with another team project. 
